Fix Agentic Commerce synced product count and Unknown sync status (#5319)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

* Fix - Detect Agentic Commerce sessions via payment_intent.agent_details so their checkout.session.completed webhooks aren't skipped
* Add - Add Agentic Commerce settings UI with feature introduction, onboarding guide, enable/disable toggle, and webhook secret management
* Fix - Surface PHP Throwables from the Agentic Commerce checkout.session.completed flow so fatals are logged, the order rollback runs, and Action Scheduler marks the job failed

> * Fix - Report Agentic Commerce dashboard product count from delivered CSV rows so it matches Stripe's ImportSet, surface "Partial Success" when the local validator drops products, and auto-refresh the badge while a sync is in flight

Reviewer: This description is really long. I think we can shorten it.
```suggestion
* Fix - Improve handling of skipped products and in-flight syncs in Agentic Commerce sync dashboard
```
